README.MD, before:

# PointNClick

**PointNClick** is a simple automation tool for mouse clicking and coordinate tracking using Python. It includes two scripts: `autoclick.py` for automating mouse clicks at specific coordinates and intervals, and `coordinates.py` for retrieving and displaying the mouse's current coordinates on the screen.

## Table of Contents
- [Getting Started](#getting-started)
- [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
  - [Autoclick](#autoclick)
  - [Coordinates](#coordinates)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [License](#license)

## Getting Started
These instructions will help you set up and use the PointNClick tool on your local machine.

## Prerequisites
- Python 3.x installed on your system
- `pyautogui` and `keyboard` libraries

## Installation
To install the necessary libraries, run the following commands:
```bash
pip install pyautogui keyboard
```

## Other Notes
- The Coordinates script will display your coordinates in the terminal. To make the coordinate you want display statically in the terminal simply end the script using ctrl + c with your cursor positioned where you want it.

- autoclick.py is not currently set up for multiple input looping, that may come in a future update but for now single input only.

## Contacts
[Github](www.Github.com/Kodyzz1)  
[Linkedin](www.linkedin.com/in/kodyandrews)

Commit message:

added script start instructions to the readme

README.MD, after:

# PointNClick

**PointNClick** is a simple automation tool for mouse clicking and coordinate tracking using Python. It includes two scripts: `autoclick.py` for automating mouse clicks at specific coordinates and intervals, and `coordinates.py` for retrieving and displaying the mouse's current coordinates on the screen.

## Table of Contents
- [Getting Started](#getting-started)
- [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
  - [Autoclick](#autoclick)
  - [Coordinates](#coordinates)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [License](#license)

## Getting Started
These instructions will help you set up and use the PointNClick tool on your local machine.

## Prerequisites
- Python 3.x installed on your system
- `pyautogui` and `keyboard` libraries

## Installation
To install the necessary libraries, run the following command:
```bash
pip install pyautogui keyboard
```
## Startup
To start the script run the command that pertains to the script:
```bash
Python autoclick.py
```
```bash
Python coordinates.py
```

## Other Notes
- The Coordinates script will display your coordinates in the terminal. To make the coordinate you want display statically in the terminal simply end the script using ctrl + c with your cursor positioned where you want it.

- autoclick.py is not currently set up for multiple input looping, that may come in a future update but for now single input only.

## Contacts
[Github](www.Github.com/Kodyzz1)  
[Linkedin](www.linkedin.com/in/kodyandrews)
